you doing over there how's the breeze
good what about you no clothes on
she don't way I'm uh slowly come to you
hey guys this one's here and I want to
catch up on what happened about why I
have been so when active so I went to
Boston and New Hampshire and then for
some reason I decided to go to Ocean
City and I'm gonna call him out right
now this naked guy right behind me
there's no idea what it is what do you
say about that I don't know what city is
I like figure it out like what it wasn't
it looks frickin beautiful I'm so
jealous I really need to go to those
that looks really cool okay so no these
guys I want to make it up to you by
uploading a bunch of videos this week
and also I will be streaming with this
guy here will he'll be strumming with me
yeah so like check it out in the
description below um my twitch and me
and flimsy are gonna start streaming at
like 3:00 Eastern Time um today so yeah
so awkward just like watching a naked
man running around right now yeah look
at my moods look I gotta I gotta take a
picture of this Kobe's so please do it I
might I'm gonna put this on the Internet
no don't they're gonna be famous now at
3 p.m. Eastern
we will he'll be streaming and like he
said the description his twitch will be
in the description and so kobe you okay
no I'm gonna I'm gonna go walk off no
you know what your cue is start talking
right
streaming a bunch of videos and
streaming and then you say you shouldn't
really that guy's just gonna stand front
of us no okay
2 o'clock 3 o'clock 2 o'clock 2 o'clock
yeah rioja how many 3 ok alright yeah ok
hey you guys it spoons here and I want
to catch up on what what happened about
no I mess up all right oh let it go to
catch up